main switch

enable
conf t
int fa0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 1
int fa0/2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 2
int fa0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 3
int fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 4
int fa0/5
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 5
int fa0/6
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 6


switch 1
enable
conf t
int fa0/1
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 101
int fa0/2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 102
int fa0/3
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 103
int fa0/4
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 104
int vlan 1
no shut
ip add 192.168.1.2 255.255.255.0


router 1 
enable
conf t
int fa0/0
ip add 192.168.1.1 255.255.255.0
no shut